hey guys what's up we are on la more and
this is the reefer madness DLC and I'm
grabbing another achievement high flyer
and for this one you have to find a
flyer that's on Garcia cruises house and
proceed straight to the 20th century
market so this is in the shed in the
back of this house actually well this is
towards the beginning it's like before
you probably go to this place seriously
I have to check out that ledger so I
just went ahead and added that to the
video but then you're gonna come over
here to the house and over here in the
bedroom on the left and there right if
you're walking in the front of the house
you're going to find this little ad for
20th century markets and after you check
that out is it going to run back over to
your car and hop in and go straight to
20th century market without going
anywhere else first and you can finish
checking out the crime scene and all
that stuff it's not as if you have to
see it like to look at that ad and then
immediately go there like as long as you
don't go anywhere else before going to
20th century market you should be fine
but I think I wrap this up because
there's a cutscene I was just going to
cut the audio so good luck with the
achievement and yeah thanks for watching
sit tight let's take a look at what's
going on
I thought these customers are serious
soup lovers or I think we found our
middleman far 11 King 2 kg PL I'm
requesting assistance and Abbey wagon at
20th century markets 1558 North Highland
numerous narcotic suspects code to only
no sirens okay Roger okay
cavalry should be here any minute
lmpd nobody move I'll take my chances